lib: modem_slm: GPIO to configurable (#13121)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/migration/migration_guide_2.6.rst

      * The ``CONFIG_CHIP_SED_ACTIVE_INTERVAL`` Kconfig option was renamed to :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_ICD_FAST_POLLING_INTERVAL`.
      * The ``CONFIG_CHIP_SED_ACTIVE_THRESHOLD`` Kconfig option was renamed to :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_ICD_ACTIVE_MODE_THRESHOLD`.

* For applications using the Modem SLM library:

>   * GPIO has been changed from ``gpio0`` to configurable via devicetree. Add following to devicetree for ``gpio0`` usage:

Author: That is correct, but we do not know if the SLM Shell is the only user of this library.

>   * GPIO has been changed from ``gpio0`` to configurable via devicetree. Add following to devicetree for ``gpio0`` usage:

Author: It is possible to do it like that as well, but the uart is already configured in this way. I would not like to overly complicate it as this is not something that is widely used.

>   * GPIO has been changed from ``gpio0`` to configurable via devicetree. Add following to devicetree for ``gpio0`` usage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The GPIO used is now configured using devicetree instead of always using ``gpio0``.
    Add the following Zephyr ``chosen`` to your application devicetree to use ``gpio0``:
```

>   * GPIO has been changed from ``gpio0`` to configurable via devicetree. Add following to devicetree for ``gpio0`` usage:

Author: In a way that it would default to something if it is not defined at all.
